==Introduction==

Yellowcot introduces a standard, XML-based, open file format for multimedia flash card sets. The latest revision of the file format is 1.0.

==Revisions==

===Revision 1.0===

Per revision 1.0, a Yellowcot file is an uncompressed tarball including an _index.xml_ and a _media_ directory. Revision 1.0 is identical to revision 0.4 except for the addition of a definition of the file format version in the _quiz_ tag. The _media_ directory stores audio, image, and video files numbered sequentially. The _index.xml_ file stores the questions and answers that make up the flash card set. An example _index.xml_ file is shown below. The markup defines two question and answer pairs.

{{{
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<quiz version="1.0">
	<qa>
		<q type="media">1</q>
		<qsrc>http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Big-eared-townsend-fledermaus.jpg</qsrc>
		<qlic>PD</qlic>
		<a type="text">leðurblaka (fs)</a>
		<asrc></asrc>
		<alic></alic>
	</qa>
	<qa>
		<q type="media">2</q>
		<qsrc>http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Female_pair.jpg</qsrc>
		<qlic>CC-BY-SA 2.0</qlic>
		<a type="text">hænsnakjöt (ns) / hænsni (ns) / kjúklingur (ms)</a>
		<asrc></asrc>
		<alic></alic>
	</qa>
</quiz>
}}}

Example (revision 1.0) Yellowcot file: [http://yellowcot.googlecode.com/files/Chemical_Elements_1.0.yc Chemical_Elements_1.0.yc]

===Revision 0.4===

Per revision 0.4, a Yellowcot file is an uncompressed tarball including an _index.xml_ and a _media_ directory. The _media_ directory stores audio, image, and video files numbered sequentially. The _index.xml_ file stores the questions and answers that make up the flash card set. An example _index.xml_ file is shown below. The markup defines two question and answer pairs.

{{{
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<quiz>
	<qa>
		<q type="media">1</q>
		<qsrc>http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Big-eared-townsend-fledermaus.jpg</qsrc>
		<qlic>PD</qlic>
		<a type="text">leðurblaka (fs)</a>
		<asrc></asrc>
		<alic></alic>
	</qa>
	<qa>
		<q type="media">2</q>
		<qsrc>http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Female_pair.jpg</qsrc>
		<qlic>CC-BY-SA 2.0</qlic>
		<a type="text">hænsnakjöt (ns) / hænsni (ns) / kjúklingur (ms)</a>
		<asrc></asrc>
		<alic></alic>
	</qa>
</quiz>
}}}

Example (revision 0.4) Yellowcot file: [http://yellowcot.googlecode.com/files/Chemical_Elements_0.4.yc Chemical_Elements_0.4.yc]

===Revision 0.3===

Per revision 0.3, a Yellowcot file is an uncompressed tarball including an _index.xml_ and directories to store audio, image, and video files. The _index.xml_ file stores the questions and answers that make up the flash card set. An example _index.xml_ file is shown below. The markup defines two question and answer pairs.

{{{
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<quiz>
	<qa>
		<q type="image">bat.jpg</q>
		<qsrc>http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Big-eared-townsend-fledermaus.jpg</qsrc>
		<qlic>PD</qlic>
		<a type="text">leðurblaka (fs)</a>
		<asrc></asrc>
		<alic></alic>
	</qa>
	<qa>
		<q type="image">chicken.jpg</q>
		<qsrc>http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Female_pair.jpg</qsrc>
		<qlic>CC-BY-SA 2.0</qlic>
		<a type="text">hænsnakjöt (ns) / hænsni (ns) / kjúklingur (ms)</a>
		<asrc></asrc>
		<alic></alic>
	</qa>
</quiz>
}}}

Example (revision 0.3) Yellowcot file: [http://yellowcot.googlecode.com/files/Chemical_Elements_0.3.yc Chemical_Elements_0.3.yc]

===Revision 0.2===

Per revision 0.2, a Yellowcot file is an uncompressed tarball including an _index.xml_ and directories to store audio, image, and video files. The _index.xml_ file stores the questions and answers that make up the flash card set. An example _index.xml_ file is shown below. The markup defines two question and answer pairs.

{{{
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<quiz>
	<qa>
		<q type="image">bat.jpg</q>
		<a type="text">leðurblaka (fs)</a>
	</qa>
	<qa>
		<q type="image">chicken.jpg</q>
		<a type="text">hænsnakjöt (ns) / hænsni (ns) / kjúklingur (ms)</a>
	</qa>
</quiz>
}}}

Example (revision 0.2) Yellowcot file: [http://yellowcot.googlecode.com/files/Chemical_Elements_0.2.yc Chemical_Elements_0.2.yc]

===Revision 0.1===

Per revision 0.1, a Yellowcot file is a simple text file. Each odd-numbered line is a question; each even-numbered line is an answer. An example file is shown below. The markup defines two question and answer pairs.

{{{
bat
leðurblaka (fs)
chicken
hænsnakjöt (ns) / hænsni (ns) / kjúklingur (ms)
}}}

Example (revision 0.1) Yellowcot file: [http://yellowcot.googlecode.com/files/Chemical_Elements_0.1.yc Chemical_Elements_0.1.yc]